in an exciting and significant change to
Sydney's public transport landscape the
New South Wales government is delivering
light rail from Randwick and Kingsford
through the heart of the CBD to circular
key bringing light rail into the CBD
will form part of an integrated
transport solution which includes a new
bus strategy our plans will remove more
than 200 buses from our busy CBD streets
each hour in the peak starting in
Sydney's growing southeast light rail
will travel from Kingsford along Anzac
parade reducing travel times for many
thousands of students traveling to and
from the University of New South Wales
and NIDA each day it will also travel
from Randwick by the racecourse and
along Anzac parade
carrying 300 people the equivalent of
five standard buses light rail services
are quiet clean and accessible growing
the city's public transport capacity
reducing congestion and improving the
customer experience customers will also
be able to use their Opel card on light
rail once on anzac parade light rail
will run via the Moorpark entertainment
precinct providing a long needed
transport solution for major events
before traveling through Surry Hills to
Central Station the area around central
will be reconfigured to provide a point
of easy interchange between light rail
and heavy rail services
from Central Station light rail will
continue along George Street to world
square in segregated lanes ensuring
vehicles and light rail can operate
independently keeping our city moving
around 60% of George Street will still
be open to private vehicles light rail
will operate in the center lanes and
stops will be easy to access for those
with mobility issues and provide
security features and weather protection
between town hall and Wynyard light rail
will operate within a pedestrian zone to
create a Boulevard that connects the
CBDs busiest shopping and commercial
precincts and creates a welcoming
environment for workers shoppers and
tourists all east-west traffic
connections will remain open and light
rail services will operate throughout
the day and night
trips from central to the key will be a
pleasant 15 minute journey and with 97
percent of light rail services arriving
within 2 minutes of their scheduled time
customers will be able to travel with
confidence providing a high frequency
high capacity new transport solution for
Sydney the Sydney Light Rail will change
the way our city functions unlocking
potential and making Sydney a truly
global city
you